landing
ges
I would like to report
Here
You can't be alone forever.
You should have a shoulder.
I want to have one.
Do you have any food?
I have a lot of things to do.
I have a watch, a watch,
a hairpin, a hairpin.
If you have a wife,
and you want to have a baby,
I can help you.
I want to go.
You can go.
I saw you at the police station.
I was talking to you.
There was a woman standing next to you.
I want to go.
I have a watch.
Of course I have a watch.
You're crazy.
I don't want to be cursed.
I want to answer you.
But she has a scar.
I got it.
What do you mean?
What is the scar?
It's not a big scar.
I don't understand.
Are you a foreigner?
No, I'm Japanese.
I don't understand what you mean.
You're a girl.
You're a little bit weird.
You're racist.
It means you're a woman.
Such an freak.
Are you a Heian god?
Yes, I am.
There is a Korean word for a fraction.
There is no nonexistence.
It means a lot of people don't know.
Such things are not real.
You're another people.
You're a freak.
I don't understand you in Japan.
I said hello to the boss.
He said,
This is a very nice pen.
It's pretty good.
What does that mean?
It means that the pen is very nice.
He said,
This is a very nice pen.
What should I do?
I don't care.
I'll take it.
It's not a different pen.
I don't understand the meaning of the word.
I'm good at writing.
I'll take it tonight.
Tonight.
I'm good at writing.
I'll take it tonight.